then we turned and went up the road to
then we turned and went up the road to Beijing and algae Novation came out
Beijing and algae Novation came out
Beijing and algae Novation came out against us he and all his people to
against us he and all his people to
against us he and all his people to battle that Edward I and the Lord said
battle that Edward I and the Lord said
battle that Edward I and the Lord said to me do not fear him for I have
to me do not fear him for I have
to me do not fear him for I have delivered him and all his people and his
delivered him and all his people and his
delivered him and all his people and his land into your hand you shall do to him
land into your hand you shall do to him
land into your hand you shall do to him as you did to Zion
as you did to Zion
as you did to Zion king of the amorite s' dwelt to Desmond
king of the amorite s' dwelt to Desmond
king of the amorite s' dwelt to Desmond so the Lord our God also delivered into
so the Lord our God also delivered into
so the Lord our God also delivered into our hands our king of Batian with all is
our hands our king of Batian with all is
our hands our king of Batian with all is people and we attacked him until he had
people and we attacked him until he had
people and we attacked him until he had no survivors remaining and we took all
no survivors remaining and we took all
no survivors remaining and we took all his cities at that time there was not a
his cities at that time there was not a
his cities at that time there was not a city which we did not take from them 60
city which we did not take from them 60
city which we did not take from them 60 cities all the region of argument the
cities all the region of argument the
cities all the region of argument the kingdom of our invasion all these cities
kingdom of our invasion all these cities
kingdom of our invasion all these cities were fortified with high walls gates and
were fortified with high walls gates and
were fortified with high walls gates and bars besides a great many rural towns
bars besides a great many rural towns
bars besides a great many rural towns and we utterly destroyed them as we did
and we utterly destroyed them as we did
and we utterly destroyed them as we did sigh an Englishman utterly destroying
sigh an Englishman utterly destroying
sigh an Englishman utterly destroying the men women and children of every city
the men women and children of every city
the men women and children of every city but all the livestock and the spoil of
but all the livestock and the spoil of
but all the livestock and the spoil of the cities we took his booty for
the cities we took his booty for
the cities we took his booty for ourselves and at that time we took the
ourselves and at that time we took the
ourselves and at that time we took the land from a hand of the two kings of the
land from a hand of the two kings of the
land from a hand of the two kings of the amorite who are on this side of the
amorite who are on this side of the
amorite who are on this side of the Jordan from the river arnon to Mount
Jordan from the river arnon to Mount
Jordan from the river arnon to Mount Hermon
Hermon
Hermon the sidonians call hurlan siren and the
the sidonians call hurlan siren and the
the sidonians call hurlan siren and the amorite s-- call it senior all the
amorite s-- call it senior all the
amorite s-- call it senior all the cities of the plain all Gilead and all
cities of the plain all Gilead and all
cities of the plain all Gilead and all Batian as far as saga and EDI cities of
Batian as far as saga and EDI cities of
Batian as far as saga and EDI cities of the kingdom of odd invasion or only our
the kingdom of odd invasion or only our
the kingdom of odd invasion or only our king of Asian remain of the remnants of
king of Asian remain of the remnants of
king of Asian remain of the remnants of the Giants indeed his bedstead was an
the Giants indeed his bedstead was an
the Giants indeed his bedstead was an iron bedstead is it not in raava of the
iron bedstead is it not in raava of the
iron bedstead is it not in raava of the people of Amun nine cubits is its length
people of Amun nine cubits is its length
people of Amun nine cubits is its length and four cubits its width according to
and four cubits its width according to
and four cubits its width according to the standard cubit and this land which
the standard cubit and this land which
the standard cubit and this land which we possessed at that time from Aurora
we possessed at that time from Aurora
we possessed at that time from Aurora which is by the river arnon and half the
which is by the river arnon and half the
which is by the river arnon and half the mountains of Gilead and its cities I
mountains of Gilead and its cities I
mountains of Gilead and its cities I gave to the ruler nights and the gadites
rest of gilead and all basin the kingdom
rest of gilead and all basin the kingdom of OGG I gave to half the tribe of
of OGG I gave to half the tribe of
of OGG I gave to half the tribe of manasseh all the region of our God with
manasseh all the region of our God with
manasseh all the region of our God with all nation was called the land of the
all nation was called the land of the
all nation was called the land of the Giants
Giants
Giants Jerr the son of Manasseh took all the
Jerr the son of Manasseh took all the
Jerr the son of Manasseh took all the region of Argyll as far as the border of
region of Argyll as far as the border of
region of Argyll as far as the border of the gesture rights and the Myakka fates
the gesture rights and the Myakka fates
the gesture rights and the Myakka fates and called Batian after his own name
and called Batian after his own name
and called Batian after his own name Avis Jer to this day also I gave Gilead
Avis Jer to this day also I gave Gilead
Avis Jer to this day also I gave Gilead to mahir and to the Reuben nights and
to mahir and to the Reuben nights and
to mahir and to the Reuben nights and the gadites I gave from Gilead as far as
the gadites I gave from Gilead as far as
the gadites I gave from Gilead as far as the river arnon the middle of the river
the river arnon the middle of the river
the river arnon the middle of the river as the border as far as the river javac
as the border as far as the river javac
as the border as far as the river javac the border of the people of Hammond the
the border of the people of Hammond the
the border of the people of Hammond the plain also with the Jordan as the border
plain also with the Jordan as the border
plain also with the Jordan as the border from kynareth as far as the east side of
from kynareth as far as the east side of
from kynareth as far as the east side of the sea of the Aarav are salt sea below
the sea of the Aarav are salt sea below
the sea of the Aarav are salt sea below the slopes of Pisgah then I commanded
the slopes of Pisgah then I commanded
the slopes of Pisgah then I commanded you at that time saying the Lord your
you at that time saying the Lord your
you at that time saying the Lord your God has given you this land to possess
God has given you this land to possess
God has given you this land to possess all you men of valor shall cross over
all you men of valor shall cross over
all you men of valor shall cross over armed before your brethren the children
armed before your brethren the children
armed before your brethren the children of Israel but your wives your little
of Israel but your wives your little
of Israel but your wives your little ones and your livestock I know that you
ones and your livestock I know that you
ones and your livestock I know that you have much livestock shall stay in your
have much livestock shall stay in your
have much livestock shall stay in your cities which I have given you until the
cities which I have given you until the
cities which I have given you until the Lord has given rest your brethren as to
Lord has given rest your brethren as to
Lord has given rest your brethren as to you and they also possess the land which
you and they also possess the land which
you and they also possess the land which the Lord your God is giving them beyond
the Lord your God is giving them beyond
the Lord your God is giving them beyond the Jordan then each of you may return
the Jordan then each of you may return
the Jordan then each of you may return to his possession which I have given you
to his possession which I have given you
to his possession which I have given you and I commanded Joshua at that time
and I commanded Joshua at that time
and I commanded Joshua at that time saying your eyes have seen all that the
saying your eyes have seen all that the
saying your eyes have seen all that the Lord your God has done to these two
Lord your God has done to these two
Lord your God has done to these two kings so will the Lord do to all the
kings so will the Lord do to all the
kings so will the Lord do to all the kingdoms through which you passed
kingdoms through which you passed
kingdoms through which you passed you must not fear them for the Lord your
you must not fear them for the Lord your
you must not fear them for the Lord your God Himself fights for you then I
God Himself fights for you then I
God Himself fights for you then I pleaded with the Lord at that time
pleaded with the Lord at that time
pleaded with the Lord at that time saying O Lord God you have begun to show
saying O Lord God you have begun to show
saying O Lord God you have begun to show your servant your greatness and your
your servant your greatness and your
your servant your greatness and your mighty and for what God is there in
mighty and for what God is there in
mighty and for what God is there in heaven or on earth who can do anything
heaven or on earth who can do anything
heaven or on earth who can do anything like your works and your mighty deeds I
like your works and your mighty deeds I
like your works and your mighty deeds I pray let me cross over and see the good
pray let me cross over and see the good
pray let me cross over and see the good land beyond the Jordan those pleasant
land beyond the Jordan those pleasant
land beyond the Jordan those pleasant mountains and Lebanon but the Lord was
mountains and Lebanon but the Lord was
mountains and Lebanon but the Lord was angry with me on your account and would
angry with me on your account and would
angry with me on your account and would not listen to me so the Lord said to me
not listen to me so the Lord said to me
not listen to me so the Lord said to me enough of that speak no more to me of
enough of that speak no more to me of
enough of that speak no more to me of his mother to go up to the top of Pisgah
his mother to go up to the top of Pisgah
his mother to go up to the top of Pisgah and lift your eyes toward the west the
and lift your eyes toward the west the
and lift your eyes toward the west the north the south and the east behold it
north the south and the east behold it
north the south and the east behold it with your eyes for you shall not cross
with your eyes for you shall not cross
with your eyes for you shall not cross over this Jordan but command Joshua and
over this Jordan but command Joshua and
over this Jordan but command Joshua and encourage him and strengthen him for he
encourage him and strengthen him for he
encourage him and strengthen him for he shall go over before this people and he
shall go over before this people and he
shall go over before this people and he shall cause them to inherit the land
shall cause them to inherit the land
shall cause them to inherit the land which you will see
so we stayed in the valley opposite Beth
so we stayed in the valley opposite Beth fioor
fioor
fioor [Music]